app/vmui: add log level detection with disable option (#1377)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [alerts](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/blob/master/deployment/docker/rules): add new alerting rules `PersistentQueueRunsOutOfSpaceIn12Hours` and `PersistentQueueRunsOutOfSpaceIn4Hours` for `vlagent` persistent queue capacity. These alerts help users to take proactive actions before `vlagent` starts dropping logs due to insufficient persistent queue space. See [#10193](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10193)
* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): remove the `Date format` setting and always display timestamps with nanosecond precision. See [#1161](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1161).

> * FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): add log level detection and an option to disable it. See [#1245](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1245).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): add log level detection for displayed log entries. This feature can be toggled in the Group View settings. See [#1245](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/1245).
```
